so today's video is how to identify if
your lucky bamboo has off cut or off
shoots that are about to grow now it's
kind of hard to tell but if you look
very carefully you will find it so
you'll see right over here I don't know
if you can see it or not but you'll see
a little dimple that's coming out of
there
I'll just try to rotate it you'll see
that there and if I turn it sideways
you'll see that it is slightly higher
there so that is an offshoot that will
eventually grow and will create an
offshoot like this now I'll show you
another piece of lucky bamboo here where
I've looked at it and I don't see any
offshoots so I don't believe this one
here will have any objects but what you
want to do is you want to cut this lucky
bamboo to be able to produce more of the
bamboo now what you can do is you want
to cut it off at these stocks that are
here and you want to do that at a
reasonable rate now ideally what you
want to have is one shoot in the top
half and then one shoot in the bottom
half now in this case unfortunately we
don't have that so we don't have the
luxury of cutting that one whereas in
this one here
you'll see that we have on this end one
offshoot here another option over here
and on the top side we'll see one over
here and one over here and another one
over here so we have three up top so
what we can do is we can basically cut
this in half and place this on water and
that will then grow from there so what
we're going to do is on my next video I
will show you how to cut this and how to
create off cuttings and inspire your
growth of those thanks for watching if
you like this video give me a thumbs up
if you have any questions about it
please do post a comment if you'd like
to see the next video and how to create
an option please stay tuned